RallyApi 4.7.17
	
	Updates:-(3.13.17)
		Rally report folder is generated on end of the execution.
		first store the data's  in files on inside the project folder.
		Then  this folder is generated on output folder.  
	  
	    sprint and release number is enter the output excel sheet
	    All user stories and defects are stored on sheet2 and sheet3   
	    cell formatting is completed 
	    
    Updates:-(4.7.17) 
     	1)improve TestCase Data's   
        2)Pie chart on inside the Excel sheet.
           
    Updates:-(4.10.17) 
        1) all project is moved to src/test to src/main
        2) remove all duplicate functions (common functions)
        3) get rally user and pass from excel
        
 		Need to improve:-       
 		1) separate reports on test case and defects
 		2) getting CR wise report.
 		3) create "TestCase" report and "Defect" report separately  
 	
        Batch Run on Daily
        Sent a mail through automation
        sheet formatting
        
        
      Updates:-(5.12.17)    
      
           Completed tasks :-
  			1)Sprint wise and release wise report.
  			2)Testable field count and testable stories report.
  			3)Automatable test case details.
  			4)Plot a chart in  inside the excel sheet.

		   Looking for :-
 			1)Defect and test case status based on CR – wise and Application wise report.-----
 			2)Defect status report based on submitted time and reopen time related fields. - ------aging of defects – Work with Karthick Chandrasekar.
			3)Test case report based on Testset.
			4)Stored input and output data’s in database instead of Excel sheets. 
			5)Design automated mailing system. -----
			6)Run this tool in Jenkins -------
			7)preparing an UI.------
			8)Try to create the custom API in inside the Rally.
			9)Work with Comcast to see how their report works – Color Code report – Lokesh to send  the file and contact. 

          	        completed 
          	           1) defect and test case status based on  CR
          	           2) Defect status report based on state and severity (based on date is depends on intividual defects)
                       
                    in-progress
                       5)Design automated mailing system.
					   6)Run this tool in Jenkins.
					   7)preparing an UI.(server creation is difficult)
        
                     difficult tasks
                       3)Test case report based on Testset.
			           4)Stored input and output data’s in database instead of Excel sheets.
          	           8)Try to create the custom API in inside the Rally.
			           9)Work with Comcast to see how their report works – Color Code report – Lokesh to send  the file and contact. 
          	           
          	           
          	           
          	           
          	           